DON'T MERGE YET: Content for CML workflow in Studio (#4034)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/prepare-your-repositories.md

   file (within your Git repo) which contains your saved metrics. Refer to the
   section [on project settings] to learn how to specify the custom files.

> ## Prepare Your Repositories to Run New Experiments

Reviewer: 💅🏼 Should we add another H2 earlier in this doc for the previous half? Otherwise the only entry in the right-side nav (ToC) is this header. See https://dvc-org-cml-in-studio-bgeulj3d.herokuapp.com/doc/studio/user-guide/prepare-your-repositories

Author: Added heading for `Set up datasets, metrics, and hyperparameters`.

Reviewer: Nice, thanks.

To prepare your repositories to run new experiments from Iterative Studio, you

> should integrate them with a CI/CD setup that includes model training process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
should integrate them with a CI/CD setup that includes an arbitrary job execution process.
```

Author: I'm not changing this, coz to successfully run experiments, the users do need to include a model training process in their CI workflow. Yes, we can't enforce that they will do model training, but if they don't, then it won't really run experiments. So even though the job could be an arbitrary job, our suggestion to users should be to include model training. @mvshmakov Pls let me know if you disagree.

You can do this in one of two ways:

- by
  [using the wizard provided by Iterative Studio](/doc/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/run-experiments#use-the-iterative-studio-wizard-to-set-up-your-ci-action).
- by creating the CI set up on your own. For this, create workflow files (such
  as GitHub Actions) that get triggered on push or pull request. For more
  details on how to set up
  [CI/CD pipelines for your ML project](/doc/use-cases/ci-cd-for-machine-learning),

>   refer to [CML](https://cml.dev).

Reviewer 2: Both options require a user to create workflow files on their own, we don't automate this process. What is getting automated, is the generation of workflow configuration. So, I believe the choice here is how to build the configuration: manually or by using a wizard.

Author: Updated. PTAL.

>   refer to [CML](https://cml.dev).

Reviewer: 💅🏼 Good to directly mention the CML name/brand, but in this case the link to the use case is probably enough?

Author: I think this is ok. Not changing it. Let me know if you disagree.

Reviewer: Up to you. This is stylistic (that's what 💅🏼 means) -- not really relevant.
